<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="dataservers">
    <title>Data Servers</title>
    <shortdesc></shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>A data server obtains the data from supported data sources and indexes it. By indexing this data, you
            gain information about unstructured data such as file size, file data types, file owners.</p>
        <p>The data server pushes the information about volumes and indexes to the gateway so it can be
            communicated to the application stack. Multiple data servers feed into a single gateway.</p>
        <p>Data servers can be categorized in two types: DataServer - Classic and DataServer - Distributed. A
            data server of the type DataServer - Classic uses the embedded PostgreSQL database for storing the
            index. With a data server of the type DataServer - Distributed, the index is stored in an Elasticsearch
            cluster. Data servers of this type also provide better performance in search queries. They can manage
            much larger amounts of data than data servers of the type DataServer - Classic, thus making the IBM
            StoredIQ deployments more scalable.</p>
        <p>You can have both types of data servers in your IBM StoredIQ deployment.</p>
        <p>In addition to completing standard administrative tasks, administrators can deploy the IBM StoredIQ
            Desktop Data Collector and index desktops from the data server.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
