<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE glossgroup PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Glossary Group//EN" "glossgroup.dtd">
<glossgroup id="glossary1">
    <title>Glossary Terms</title>
    <glossentry id="applicationStack">
        <glossterm>Application stack</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The application stack provides the user interface for the IBM StoredIQ Administrator, IBM StoredIQ
            Data Workbench, IBM StoredIQ Insights, and the IBM StoredIQ Policy Manager products.
        <p>The synchronization feature for integration with a governance catalog is also part of the application
            stack.</p></glossdef> 
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="cartridges">
        <glossterm>Cartridges</glossterm>
        <glossdef><p>Cartridges are compressed files that contain analysis logic. When you add a cartridge to
            IBM StoredIQ AppStack, it can detect new data in documents during indexing and make these new
            insights searchable. For example, a sensitive pattern cartridge can enable IBM StoredIQ to detect
            passport numbers, phone numbers, and other IDs.</p>
        <p>To apply the analysis logic contained in the cartridge, you must run a Step-up Analytics action that uses
            the cartridge on an infoset. IBM StoredIQ examines all documents in the infoset, applies the analytics,
            and then stores the analysis results in the IBM StoredIQ index.</p></glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="connectorApisdk">
        <glossterm>Connector API SDK</glossterm>
        <glossdef>A connector is a software component of IBM StoredIQ that is used to connect to a
            data source such as a network file system and access its data. Using IBM StoredIQ Connector API SDK,
            developers of other companies can develop connectors to new data sources outside the IBM StoredIQ
            development environment. These connectors can be integrated with a live IBM StoredIQ application to
            index, search, manage, and analyze data on the data source.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="dataServers">
        <glossterm>Data servers</glossterm>
        <glossdef><p>A data server obtains the data from supported data sources and indexes it. By indexing this data, you
            gain information about unstructured data such as file size, file data types, file owners.</p>
            <p>The data server pushes the information about volumes and indexes to the gateway so it can be
                communicated to the application stack. Multiple data servers feed into a single gateway.</p>
        <p>Data servers can be categorized in two types: DataServer - Classic and DataServer - Distributed.  With a data server of the type DataServer - Distributed, the index is stored in an Elasticsearch
            cluster. Data servers of this type also provide better performance in search queries. They can manage
            much larger amounts of data than data servers of the type DataServer - Classic, thus making the IBM
            StoredIQ deployments more scalable.</p></glossdef>
         
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="dataserverClassic">
        <glossterm>DataServer - Classic</glossterm>
        <glossdef>Data servers can be categorized in two types: DataServer - Classic and
            DataServer - Distributed. DataServer - Classic refers to the regular data servers. It uses either the
            current PostgreSQL or Lucene index as an index.
        </glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="dataserverDistributed">
        <glossterm>DataServer - Distributed</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The distributed data server uses an Elasticsearch cluster instead of an
            embedded Postgres database. It increases the scalability and flexibility of the IBM StoredIQ
            deployment in a way that it can manage much larger amounts of data. Without adding more data
            servers, data that is managed by the IBM StoredIQ deployment can be increased by adding new nodes
            to the Elasticsearch cluster. Search queries perform better on DataServer - Distributed.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="gateway">
        <glossterm>Gateway</glossterm>
        <glossdef>The gateway communicates between the data servers and the application stack. The application stack
            polls the gateway for information about the data on the data servers. The data servers push the
            information to the gateway.</glossdef>
    </glossentry>
    <glossentry id="ibmstorediqInsights">
        <glossterm>IBM StoredIQ Insights</glossterm>
        <glossdef><p>IBM StoredIQ Insights provides dynamic and interactive filtering for your data with easy access to all
            metadata and instant plain-text preview of document content for full-text indexed volumes.</p>
            <p>Faceted search lets you drill down to refine your search results as needed. In addition, you can apply any
                valid IBM StoredIQ filter query. Tags let you categorize the data for easier management. Visual
                representations of search results help you gain further insights into your data. Several chart types let you
                look at and explore data from different perspectives, thus helping you identify patterns and relationships
                very quickly.</p>
            <p>With IBM StoredIQ Insights, you can search data that is managed and indexed by a data server of the type
                DataServer - Distributed. In mixed deployments that have classic and distributed data servers, only the
                content from distributed data servers will be searchable.</p></glossdef>
    </glossentry>
</glossgroup>
